https://codepen.io/mmussel1/pen/qBEERxp
 1. What is Semantic HTML? gives meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? Hypertext Markup Language
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Inside the opening tag to control element behavior
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? main category, not often
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes text and search
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <html>
    7. What is an id? uniquie in page, can only be attached to one element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? makes a sematic more specific
    11. What elements can I add a class to? i.e <div class="name">
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? "_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? provides alternative info for an image
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div sections seperate different sections, div seperates sections within the section
    17. What is CSS used for? design
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one id can only be used once, classes can be used mulitple times.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? selects all elements that are a direct child
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector? a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border-style: dotted
border-color: black
border width: 1px
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
// comment //
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? cd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github? very often, whenever making changes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push origin ""
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 